Entitlement and App Review
There are two steps to the review process. First, submit your app for review to receive the Publishing
entitlement. If your app meets the requirements listed in this guide, you will receive the Publishing
entitlement and that will allow you to move forward. When you are ready to distribute your app further,
complete the App Store review and submission.
Use this section to understand how to submit your app for review to receive the publishing entitlement and
how to submit your app to the App Store for further public distribution.
Entitlement review
After you complete app development, contact Apple to begin your app review for the publishing
entitlement. If your app meets the requirements listed in this document, Apple will grant you the publishing
entitlement. To learn more, see Publishing entitlement. As a part of the entitlement review, create a video
recording of your app completing the following flows:
• New user flow
• Existing user flow
• Checkout flow
Use another device to record the video as the Tap to Pay on iPhone UI screens won’t work for screen
recordings.
If your app requires changes, Apple will communicates change requests over email.
Note
For the Apple Developer Enterprise Program, Apple grants the publishing entitlement for each app or Bundle ID.
Each individual app requires a separate review and approval.
After you receive the publishing entitlement, you will have the ability to distribute your app more widely. The
app submission process depends on your distribution method:
New user flow
Provide a video recording of the Tap to Pay on iPhone user flow for a new user. The recording must
demonstrate the following:
• Demonstrate the path for new merchant onboarding, including account creation and know your
customer (KYC) where applicable.
• Once a merchant account is approved, demonstrate how Tap to Pay on iPhone is introduced to the
new merchant in this path.
• Demonstrate how a user will accept Terms and Conditions for Tap to Pay on iPhone.
Distribution Method App Submission
App Store, Custom App or Unlisted App Use App Store Connect to submit app for App Store
review and distribution
Apple Developer Enterprise Program
Use Apple Business Manager or Apple School Manager
with Mobile Device Management to distribute app to
enterprise devices
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
17
• If Terms and Conditions will be accepted outside of the app, provide details on how this process
will be completed.
• Demonstrate merchant education provided to the new merchant after accepting Terms and
Conditions.
• If Terms and Conditions will be accepted outside of the app, provide details on how merchant
education will be shared with users within the app.
• Demonstrate where a user can find merchant education at a later time, this is typically accomplished
with a section for Tap to Pay on iPhone in the settings of your app.
• Demonstrate a progress indicator to the user when the Tap to Pay on iPhone is being configured.
• Demonstrate the completion of the configuration.
If your app does not provide a path for a new user to onboard within the app provide details on how new
users onboard to become merchants.
Existing user flow
Provide a video recording of the Tap to Pay on iPhone user flow for an existing user. The recording must
demonstrate the following:
• Before accepting Terms & Conditions, demonstrate that the Tap to Pay on iPhone payment
acceptance button exists and is visible to existing users.
• Demonstrate where an existing user will become aware that Tap to Pay on iPhone is available.
• Typically this is accomplished with a full screen modal after the existing user has logged in or
launched updated app.
• Demonstrate merchant education is provided after accepting Terms and Conditions.
• Demonstrate where a user can find merchant education at a later time, this is typically accomplished
with a Tap to Pay on iPhone section in the settings of your app.
• If the user completes or skips merchant education before configuration is complete, demonstrate a
progress indicator to the user to inform them of status.
• For applicable regions you must demonstrate a PIN transaction and a Fallback Payment Method
transaction, see Regional Requirements for more details.
Checkout user flow
Provide a video recording of the Tap to Pay on iPhone user flow during checkout. The recording must
demonstrate the following:
• Demonstrate adding items to a cart, or entering a currency amount for payment.
• Demonstrate the Payment Option(s).
• Demonstrate the Tap to Pay on iPhone button.
• Initiate and complete a Tap to Pay on iPhone transaction.
• Demonstrate PIN (in regions where applicable - see Regional Requirements for more details).
• Demonstrate Fallback Payment mechanisms (in regions where applicable - see Regional
Requirements for more details).
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
18
App Store submission
Submit your app for App Store review once you receive your publishing entitlement.
If you are submitting a new app instead of an update to an existing published app, review and follow the
App Store Review Guidelines and use the Apple-approved assets from the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing
Toolkit. If you are creating a new app, do not use Tap to Pay on iPhone as part of the name of your app as
this would be in conflict of App Review Guideline 5.2.5.
In addition to the standard App Store review, apps submitted with a Tap to Pay on iPhone entitlement go
under specific review with the App Store Review team.
To ensure a smooth review process, provide the following materials with your App Store Connect
submissions as you prepare for your App Store launch:
Note the following in your App Store Connect submission:
• Declare that you are using the Tap to Pay on iPhone entitlement
• Share details on your Tap to Pay on iPhone use case (for example, a point-of-sale app for
merchants)
Upload the following:
• A validated test user account for the App Store team to review the checkout flow and the Tap to
Pay on iPhone screen.
• If you’re unable to provide a test account, explain why.
• If your app is geo-fenced, provide details on the geo-fenced regions.
• A video walkthrough of your Tap to Pay on iPhone checkout experience, from sign-in to checkout.
• High-fidelity wireframes of your Tap to Pay on iPhone checkout experience, from sign-in to
checkout.
If applicable, include the following:
• Don’t mention MDM in the app details. Including MDM may flag the app for unnecessary review.
• If your app will be released using a feature flag, specify the release method.
• Make sure to set the correct language in Xcode for your app for the Tap to Pay on iPhone screens
to be properly localized. See here for details.
After you submit your app for review, the App Review team may request additional information. The
response may appear as a rejection in App Store Connect, but the message body explains that rejection is a
request for information. Respond to the message to provide additional information to the App Review team.
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
19
App Store product page
Your App Store product page must adhere to the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
If you distribute your app in regions where Tap to Pay on iPhone isn’t supported or available, ensure that
you update only the appropriate regional app descriptions and images. For example, if your app is available
in the US and the UK, but you are launching Tap to Pay on iPhone only in the UK, add the English UK
language to your product page to update or create only the UK-specific app description and image assets.
Consider creating custom product pages if you are running specific promotional or targeted marketing
campaigns.
App Publishing for General Availability
When your app is ready for production, you can choose from various approaches to release your app.
You can release the app for immediate general availability, or you can consider one of the following
approaches to stagger your release:
• Phased release
• Flagged release
Phased release
Rather than releasing your app to all of users at once, you can choose to ramp up the number of users to
stress test your systems (for example, onboarding and support).
You can use the App Store phased release feature, or you can hide the Tap to Pay on iPhone functionality
behind an in-app feature flag that you control on your back end.
Flagged release
If you are updating a published app, implement an in-app feature flag that you control on your back end to
release the updated app.
Using a feature flag allows you to publish and test your app early and helps ensure that most users have
upgraded to the version that supports Tap to Pay on iPhone when you are ready to remove the flag to make
the feature available for everyone.
If you choose a flagged release, only update your App Store product page with Tap to Pay on iPhone
messaging when you submit the app to make the feature available for all users in a region.
Please note that you should wait for your app to be in full general availability before going live with
marketing and communications content, except for in-app merchant education and awareness.
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
20
Regional Requirements
Learn about the regional requirements for publishing your app.
Publishing your app in multiple regions
When publishing your app in multiple regions include the following regional requirements in your app.
Localization strings for Tap to Pay on iPhone
Use the correct button name for the regions your app is published in.
Region Long Form Short Form
US, UK, AUS, CAN (EN), IE,
UAE (EN)
Tap to Pay on iPhone Tap to Pay
CAN (FR) Paiement rapide sur iPhone -
FR, CH (FR) Tap to Pay sur iPhone Tap to Pay
DE, AT, CH, LI Tap to Pay auf dem iPhone Tap to Pay
NL Tap to Pay op iPhone Tap to Pay
BR, PT Tap to Pay no iPhone Tap to Pay
US (ES) Pagos sin contacto en iPhone -
ES, CL Tap to Pay en iPhone Tap to Pay
TW iPhone卡緊收 -
JP iPhoneのタッチ決済 -
UA, BG Tap to Pay на iPhone Tap to Pay
UAE (Arabic) iPhone على للدفع مرر -
RO Tap to Pay pe iPhone Tap to Pay
SE Tap to Pay på iPhone Tap to Pay
CZ, SI Tap to Pay na iPhonu Tap to Pay
PO Tap to Pay pe iPhone Tap to Pay
HU Tap to Pay az iPhone-on Tap to Pay
FI iPhonen Tap to Pay Tap to Pay
SK Tap to Pay na iPhone Tap to Pay
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
21
Local requirements
PIN Entry in Education
A customer may be prompted to enter their card PIN under specific circumstances with Tap to Pay on
iPhone. In regions where PIN is a common part of the checkout experience you must provide PIN entry and
accessibility details in the merchant education. Please refer to the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide
and Toolkit for Apple-approved PIN in-app asset and copy.Please refer to the table above to determine
which regions require PIN as part of merchant education. With the new ProximityReaderDiscovery API
details on PIN are included for you.
Fallback Payment Method
In regions where a significant number of cards cannot be used with contactless under specific
circumstances (e.g. Offline PIN markets), the app must support at least one (1) accepted alternative
payment method and fulfill the following requirements:
• All merchants must be set up with at least one (1) accepted alternative payment method so that all
transactions can be completed in person. Check with your PSP for accepted alternative payment
methods.
• Ensure the app provides a seamless transition between the Tap to Pay on iPhone UI and the accepted
alternative payment method provided for the merchant.
• Provide details on the fallback mechanism as part of the merchant education.
• If you are creating your own merchant education screens, please use the following copy when
educating users on Fallback Payment Method.
• Some cards are not able to complete contactless transactions using a PIN. If this occurs, simply
ask the customer if they have an alternative contactless card or digital wallet and continue the
transaction using Tap to Pay on iPhone.
Requirement Region
PIN Entry in Education All regions except JP, TW
Fallback Payment Method UK, IE, CAN
Surcharging BR, AU
IFR FR, DE
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
22
Surcharging
If your PSP supports surcharges for payments your app must demonstrate the surcharges to the paying
customer. If your PSP supports a blended rate surcharge (same rate for all cards) your final amount on the
Tap to Pay on iPhone screen should reflect this. Example if payment is $100 and surcharge is 2% then the
paying customer should see $102 as the total amount on Tap to Pay on iPhone UI.
If your PSP supports varying surcharges per card brand your app should have a dedicated screen prior to
the Tap to Pay on iPhone UI that allows the customer to see and confirm the surcharge amount. In this
scenario the Tap to Pay on iPhone UI will display just the purchase amount and the surcharge will be added
post tap.
The receipt must provide details on the purchase amount and the surcharge.
Important
Itemization is required on digital receipts to meet governance requirements in some regions.
IFR
In EU markets with a domestic payment network and if your PSP terminal profile supports it, the app (or
PSP SDK) must offer an optional method for the customer to select a preferred card brand before tapping
their card.
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
23
Marketing Your App
When marketing Tap to Pay on iPhone, please note that you may not develop your own customized
marketing and communications content, images or videos on Tap to Pay on iPhone. Apple has developed a
comprehensive Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit to support you when marketing the
availability of Tap to Pay on iPhone to your merchants, partners and customers.
The Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit provides a wide range of Apple-approved marketing
assets and templates for you to use in your marketing and communication channels.
You should only leverage the Apple-approved marketing templates which allow for light customization
options, including inserting brand colors, custom fonts, custom card art and your logo into the assets.
The Apple-approved assets and templates include:
• Display banners
• In-app banners
• Social media tiles
• Lifecycle emails
• Website banners
• Dedicated product page
• Product animations
In addition to the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit, you will also be provided with the Tap
to Pay on iPhone Merchant Incentive Guide.
Marketing Requirements
Below are the required marketing tactics for launching Tap to Pay on iPhone. You must leverage the Apple-
approved marketing templates which allow for light customization options, including inserting brand colors,
custom fonts, custom card art and your logo into the assets.
Marketing Requirements Checklist
Requirement Template to Use
6.1 Dedicated launch email Please use the ‘Launch’ email referred to in the Tap
to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
6.2 In-app Splash Screen Please use the ‘Hero’ in-app banner referred to in
the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide.
6.3 In-app push notifications
Please use ‘Value Proposition’ copy from ‘Push
Notification’ copy guidelines in the Tap to Pay on
iPhone Marketing Guide.
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
24
With the exception of paid Social Media, Search Engine Marketing and, Display Marketing, you should not
undertake any other “above the line” activity including, but not limited to, Out-of-home, TV, Radio, Podcast,
Print, Influencers or Advertorial for Tap to Pay on iPhone.
Summary of Marketing Requirements
Please note below guidance on marketing Tap to Pay on iPhone. Please refer to the Tap to Pay on iPhone
Marketing Guide for full details.
• Read through the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide prior to planning and launching your marketing
• Only leverage the Apple-approved marketing assets from the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Toolkit.
You may not develop customized videos, illustrations or photography, or use stock imagery to illustrate
Tap to Pay on iPhone in any of your channels or in your app
• You may not create illustrations or icons that depict iPhone or Tap to Pay on iPhone
• You should only use the imagery based on your region
• Always refer to Tap to Pay on iPhone in your marketing. Never shorten the capability to Tap to Pay or
include Apple in the name
• Tap to Pay on iPhone should be in full General Availability when you launch your marketing
• You should leverage the Apple-developed Merchant Education API for your in-app merchant education
requirements
• You should read through the Tap to Pay on iPhone Merchant Incentive Guide prior to planning and
launching any merchant incentives
• All PR announcements mentioning Tap to Pay on iPhone, including press releases, blog posts, or
communications related to investor relations, require Apple’s review and approval before being published.
Please connect with your PSP provider or relevant Apple contact for the review and approval process.
Reviews can take several weeks, so please manage accordingly.
How to access the Marketing Guide and Toolkit
Click here to access the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit access page.
Once on the access page, please follow the instructions to download the relevant Toolkit for your region or
market, and ensure you provide your Marketing team with the downloaded Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing
Toolkit. You will also be able to download the Tap to Pay on iPhone Merchant Incentive Guide from this
same location.
Please do not share the Tap to Pay on iPhone Marketing Guide and Toolkit access page publicly.
Tap to Pay on iPhone
App & Marketing Requirements and Review Guide March 2025 v1.5
25
Changelog
Version 1.5 Added missing component (section 3.9.1) in App Review checklist.
Added details on new ProximityReaderDiscovery feature available in iOS 18 to provide
Merchant Education.
Added Marketing Your App section.
Added details on Apple Business Connect integration with Tap to Pay on iPhone.
Miscellaneous corrections.
Tap to Pay on iPhone