
Loading Google Play Console
Google Play Console logo

JobRunner
Dashboard
Statistics
Publishing overview
Protected with Play
Test and release
Monitor and improve
Grow users
Monetise with Play
Dashboard

JobRunner
JobRunner
com.jobrunner.app
Production
Inactive
Production

Apply for access to production
Production is where you make your app available to billions of users on Google Play. Before you can apply for production access, you need to run a closed test that meets our criteria. When you apply, you'll also need to answer some questions about your closed test.
Publish a closed testing release
Have at least 12 testers opted-in to your closed test
Run your closed test with at least 12 testers, for at least 14 days
Product updates
Status dashboard
Help
© 2026 Google
Privacy
Developer Distribution Agreement
Terms of Service
Apply for access to production
To apply for access to production, answer the following questions about your closed test, app, and production readiness
1
About your closed test
2
About your app
3
Your production readiness
About your closed test
How did you recruit users for your closed test? For example, did you ask friends and family or use a paid testing provider?
Describe how you recruited users for your closed test 

0 / 300
Text is 0 characters out of 300
How easy was it to recruit testers for your app?

Very difficult

Difficult

Neither difficult nor easy

Easy

Very easy
Describe the engagement you received from testers during your closed test
Include whether or not testers utilised all of the features in your app and whether tester usage was consistent with how you would expect a real user to use your app. If not, describe the differences that you would expect to see.
 

0 / 300
Text is 0 characters out of 300
Provide a summary of the feedback that you received from testers. Include how you collected the feedback.
 

0 / 300
Text is 0 characters out of 300
Why are we asking this?

About your closed test and production readiness
Providing this information helps us to ensure that apps have been tested before they're published on Google Play. This helps us to protect users from low-quality apps, prevent the spread of malware and reduce fraud.

About your app
Providing this information helps us to learn more about your app. Your answers are not shown on Google Play and won't affect the features and services you can access in Play Console, how your app is displayed or your eligibility for Google Play developer programmes.

Production readiness
Providing this information helps us to understand whether your app is ready for production.

We recommend testing your app extensively before publishing your app to Google Play and routinely testing any future updates you make to your app.

Learn more about testing with Play Console

