
Apps
Trends
Reports
Business
Users and Access
Ayden Vogler
Ayden Vogler
JobRunner
DistributionAnalyticsTestFlightXcode Cloud
App Review
iOS Submission
Resubmit to App Review
Unresolved Issues

Your app version was rejected and no other items submitted can be accepted or approved. You can make edits to your app version below.

Items Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.0

1.1.0 (60)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

2.5.4 Performance: Software Requirements

3.1.2 Business: Payments - Subscriptions

See More
Edit

Messages (1)

AppleYesterday 8:06 PM
Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: e8a15a30-c960-45cb-a0e6-e996bb75d385
Review date: April 14, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 2.5.4 - Performance - Software Requirements

Issue Description

The app declares support for location in the UIBackgroundModes key in your Info.plist file but we are unable to locate any features that require persistent location. Apps that declare support for location in the UIBackgroundModes key in your Info.plist file must have features that require persistent location.

Next Steps

If the app has a feature that requires persistent location, reply to this message and let us know how to locate this feature. 

If the app does not require persistent real-time location updates, please remove the "location" setting from the UIBackgroundModes key. You may wish to use the significant-change location service or the region monitoring location service if persistent real-time location updates are not required for the app features.

Resources

- Learn more about software requirements in guideline 2.5.4.
- Review documentation on Starting the Significant-Change Location Service and Monitoring Geographical Regions.
Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.


You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.


Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, "Upgrade to Pro" returned an error. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.1

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.


Ayden VoglerYesterday 8:14 PM
The app uses persistent background location for the Live Team Tracking feature, available to Team plan subscribers. To locate: go to More → App Settings → Location Sharing → enable 'Share Location'. Team owners can then see workers' real-time positions on the live map (Dashboard → Map icon in the top bar, or More → Team Operations → Live tab). This is a core feature for trade businesses that need to track field workers across job sites throughout the day.
Continue DraftDelete Draft
Date Submitted
Apr 14, 2026 at 7:24 PM
Submission ID
e8a15a30-c960-45cb-a0e6-e996bb75d385
Submitted By
Ayden Vogler
Last Updated By
Apple
Cancel Submission
App Store Connect
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us