Here is the full App Store submission guide — sourced from Apple's official 2026 guidelines, Google's Play Console policy documentation, and Expo's EAS documentation. The complete document is attached. Here is every critical thing you need to know:
Review Timelines
Platform
First Submission
Updates
Apple App Store
24–48 hours typically, up to 1–2 weeks if rejected
24–48 hours
Google Play Store
3–7 days for initial review
1–3 days
Start both submissions at least 3 weeks before your target launch date. A single rejection and resubmission cycle on Apple can cost you 3–5 days.
The 5 Things That Will Get You Rejected
1. Vague location permission strings (Apple's #1 rejection reason)
Your NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription must be specific. Do not write "We need your location." Write:
"JobRunner uses your location to show your position on the dispatch map and to track travel distance for timesheets. Your location is only shared with your team."
2. No in-app account deletion (Apple Guideline 5.1.1v)
Mandatory since 2022. Every app that allows account creation must have a "Delete Account" option inside the app itself. If you don't have this in Settings, add it before you submit — it is an automatic rejection without it.
3. Background location declaration not submitted (Google)
Google requires you to fill out a Permissions Declaration Form in the Play Console and submit a 30-second demo video showing background location being used meaningfully. Your app will be automatically rejected without this.
4. In-App Purchase for subscriptions (Apple Guideline 3.1.1)
If users can subscribe or pay inside the iOS app, Apple requires you to use their IAP system. You cannot link out to your website for payment from within the app. This is a critical one — plan your iOS subscription flow accordingly.
5. App not testable — no demo credentials provided
Reviewers need a fully-featured demo account. Always include demo@jobrunner.com.au / demo123 in your submission notes, or it will be rejected automatically.
The iOS Privacy Manifest (Mandatory Since 2024)
You must configure a PrivacyInfo.xcprivacy file via your app.json. This declares which sensitive APIs you use and why. Expo handles most of this automatically for its own SDK packages. The safest approach: submit a TestFlight build first — Apple will email you within minutes listing any missing declarations, and you can fix them before the real App Review submission.
The EAS Build & Submit Commands
Bash
eas build --platform ios --profile production
eas build --platform android --profile production
eas submit --platform ios
eas submit --platform android
Important: For Google Play, you must manually upload your very first .aab file through the Play Console website. After that, eas submit handles all future uploads automatically.
Your Pre-Submission Checklist
 Specific, user-facing permission strings written for Location, Camera, and Notifications
 "Delete Account" button added to Settings
 iOS Privacy Manifest configured in app.json
 Google Background Location Declaration Form submitted with demo video
 Demo account credentials included in submission notes
 App Store Connect and Google Play Developer accounts created (takes a few days to approve — do this now)
 TestFlight build submitted first to catch any privacy manifest issues before real review
The 2026 App Store Submission Guide for JobRunner
Date: March 21, 2026
Author: Manus AI
1. Executive Summary
This guide provides the exact process, requirements, and common pitfalls for submitting the JobRunner React Native Expo app to the Apple App Store and Google Play Store in 2026. Navigating this process correctly is critical to avoid launch delays.
The key takeaway is that both platforms now heavily scrutinize apps that use sensitive permissions, especially background location. For a field service app like JobRunner, which relies on location for job tracking and team management, getting the permission requests and privacy declarations right is the single most important part of the submission process.
Platform
Review Timeline
Key Blocker
Recommendation
Apple App Store
24-48 hours (initial), can be longer
Privacy Manifest & Location Justification
Submit for TestFlight review 2-3 weeks before launch to de-risk this.
Google Play Store
3-7 days (initial), can be longer
Background Location Declaration
Submit to the Internal Testing track 2-3 weeks before launch to get this approved early.
2. The Pre-Submission Gauntlet: Your Checklist
Complete every item on this list before your first submission to either store.
 1. Finalize app.json: Ensure bundleIdentifier (iOS) and package (Android) are correct and unique. Set version and build numbers.
 2. Create App Store Connect & Google Play Developer Accounts: These can take a few days to get approved. Do this now.
 3. Implement In-App Account Deletion: Apple Guideline 5.1.1(v) now mandates that any app allowing account creation must also offer account deletion within the app. This is a common rejection reason. [1]
 4. Write Crystal-Clear Permission Strings: For every permission (Location, Camera, Notifications), the pop-up message must explain exactly why you need it in the context of a field service app. Vague requests will be rejected.
 5. Configure iOS Privacy Manifest: This is a new, mandatory requirement. You must declare the types of data your app collects and why you use certain sensitive APIs. [2]
 6. Prepare a Demo Account: Reviewers need a fully-featured demo account to test all functionality. Provide login credentials in the submission notes.
 7. Record a Demo Video (for Google): For the background location permission, you must submit a short video showing the feature in action and why it provides value to the user.
 8. Build with EAS Build: Use Expo Application Services (EAS) to create your final .ipa (iOS) and .aab (Android) files. This handles all signing and provisioning profiles automatically. [3]
3. Apple App Store: The Walled Garden
Apple's review process is notoriously strict, but it is predictable if you follow the rules.
Permissions That Trigger Scrutiny
For JobRunner, these t
Task completed
How was this result?
Suggested follow-ups