
Apps
Trends
Reports
Business
Users and Access
Ayden Vogler
Ayden Vogler
JobRunner
DistributionAnalyticsTestFlightXcode Cloud
App Review
iOS Submission
Resubmit to App Review
Unresolved Issues

Your app version was rejected and no other items submitted can be accepted or approved. You can make edits to your app version below.

Items Submitted (1)
You can review and make edits to your items below, or communicate with Apple. Accepted items won't be available for release until all items with issues are resubmitted and accepted. You can also remove those items and resubmit them later.
Item
Type
Review Status
Action
iOS App 1.0

1.1.0 (47)

App Version
Rejected
2.1.0 Performance: App Completeness

3.1.1 Business: Payments - In-App Purchase

Screenshot-0408-144748.pngDownload
See More
Edit

Messages (1)

Apple2026-04-08 4:55 PM
Hello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ebce0a0d-8895-4cc5-a1a0-ec429695d9b5
Review date: April 08, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed

We need a demo video that shows a physical Apple device and the designated hardware pairing together and interacting during the use of the app.

Specifically, we need a demo video that shows all the NFC functionality in the app, including the app interacting with NFC tags. If the app does not include any NFC functionality, indicate this information in the Notes field in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Provide a demo video that shows: 

- The current version of the app in use on a physical Apple device, not on a simulator
- The initial pairing process between the app and the designated hardware
- The entire app workflow with the designated hardware

Film the demo video to show both the designated hardware and the app running on a physical Apple device.

Next Steps

Provide a link to a demo video in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect, then reply to this message. 

Make sure any required demo account information is provided, including passwords, in the App Review Information section for the app in App Store Connect.

Resources

To learn more about providing information to App Review in App Store Connect, see App Store Connect Help.
Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

Issue Description

The app includes an account registration feature for businesses and organizations, which is considered access to external mechanisms for purchases or subscriptions to be used in the app.

Next Steps

Remove the account registration features for business and organizations.

Resources

Learn more about business requirements in guideline 3.1.1.
Guidelines 3.1.1 - In-App Purchase and 3.1.3(c) - Enterprise Services

Issue Description

We noticed in our review that the app offers enterprise services that are sold directly to organizations or groups of employees or students. However, these same services are also available to be sold to single users, consumers, or for family use without using In-App Purchase. 

When an organization or group buys access to the app's enterprise services, you don't need to use In-App Purchase. But when providing access to an individual user, consumer, or for family use, you should use In-App Purchase. 

Apps on the United States storefront may link out to the default browser, using buttons, external links, or other calls to action, for payment mechanisms other than in-app purchase. To learn more, see the News post on Apple Developer. For storefronts where there are not alternative options for qualifying apps, the app must use in-app purchase. 

Next Steps

Here are two ways to resolve this issue:

- You can revise the app to only provide your services directly to organizations and groups of employees and students.
- Otherwise, you can revise the app to give App Store customers the option to purchase these services with In-App Purchases. 

If there's additional information you'd like to provide regarding the digital content and services in the app, reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know. If there's information you'd like us to consider in future submissions, please include it in the App Review Information section of App Store Connect.

Resources

- Learn more about our policies for apps that offer enterprise services in guideline 3.1.3(c).
- Learn more about implementing In-App Purchase in the app.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.


Ayden Vogler2026-04-08 11:33 PM
Thank you for the feedback. We've addressed all issues in this new build:

Guideline 2.1 — NFC:
JobRunner does not read or write NFC tags. The app integrates Stripe Terminal SDK solely for accepting contactless card payments from clients at job sites (Tap to Pay on iPhone). No NFC tag interaction occurs.

Guideline 3.1.1 — In-App Purchase:
We've implemented In-App Purchase for all subscription plans. Users can upgrade to Pro ($49/month), Team ($99/month), or Business ($199/month) directly within the app using Apple's payment system.

Guideline 3.1.3(c):
No longer applicable — all subscriptions are now available through In-App Purchase.
Continue DraftDelete Draft
Date Submitted
Apr 6, 2026 at 6:37 PM
Submission ID
ebce0a0d-8895-4cc5-a1a0-ec429695d9b5
Submitted By
Ayden Vogler
Last Updated By
Apple
Cancel Submission
App Store Connect
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us