App Store Connect Help
App Store Connect / Reference / In-App Purchases and subscriptions / In-App Purchase information

Expand all
Release notes

Get started

Manage your team

Create an app record

Manage builds

Manage asset packs

Manage app information

Manage app accessibility

Test a beta version

Manage submissions to App Review

Manage your app's availability

Manage app pricing

Update your app

Manage featuring nominations

Monitor ratings and reviews

Measure app performance

Transfer an app

Manage agreements

Manage banking information

Manage tax information

Manage compliance information

Getting paid

Making payments to Apple

Understanding the Core Technology Fee

Offer promo codes

Offer App Clip experiences

Create custom product pages

Create product page optimization tests

Offer In-App Events

Configure In-App Purchase settings

Manage In-App Purchases

Manage subscriptions

Test In-App Purchases

Configure Game Center

Managing alternative distribution

Reference

Account management

App information

Pricing and availability

App uploads

TestFlight

In-App Purchases and subscriptions

In-App Purchase types

In-App Purchase information

In-App Purchase statuses

In-App Purchase localization statuses

Auto-renewable subscription information

Auto-renewable subscription price increase thresholds

Consent for subscription offer conversions

Game Center

Nominations

In-App Events

Reporting

Store Services tiers


Filter ⌘K
Reference
In-App Purchase information
General Information
The main In-App Purchase properties identify the product in App Store Connect and in the app.

Property

Description

Apple ID

A unique identifier automatically generated for your In-App Purchase when you add the In-App Purchase to your account.

Reference Name

A unique name you give to your In-App Purchase for internal tracking that's not visible to customers, but used in App Store Connect and Sales and Trends reports. The reference name can include any characters and can be as long as 64 characters.

The reference name can be edited at any time without review.

Product ID

A unique ID specific to your app that you can assign to your In-App Purchases to uniquely identify them within your app.

The product ID can contain letters, numbers, hyphens, periods, and underscores, and can be as long as 100 characters. You need separate identifiers for In-App Purchases in your iOS apps and your macOS apps.

When your app uses StoreKit to communicate with the App Store, it uses product IDs to retrieve the configuration data you provided for each In-App Purchase. When a user wants to make a purchase, your app identifies the In-App Purchase using its product ID.

The product ID isn't editable after you save the In-App Purchase.

Once a product ID is assigned to an in-app puchase, it can't be reused for another In-App Purchase within the same app, even if you delete the original In-App Purchase with that ID.

Review Notes

Additional information about the In-App Purchase that might help Apple review the submission, such as test user accounts and passwords. Review notes should not exceed 4000 characters.

Image

An image is required if you want to promote your In-App Purchase on your App Store product page or set up win-back offers. This image will represent your In-App Purchase in all countries or regions where your app is available. If you’re also using offer codes for auto-renewable subscriptions, your promotional image will appear on the App Store page when customers redeem their codes on iOS 14 or later. Your promotional image must meet the following requirements:

JPG or PNG.

Dimensions of 1024 x 1024 pixels.

72 dpi, RGB, flattened and no rounded corners.

Show to all App Store users, even those who don’t have the app installed

An indication that you'd like all customers to locate your promoted In-App Purchases, which is based on the user device information. By default, this is selected. If you deselect the checkbox, but haven’t implemented the SKProductStorePromotionController API, your In-App Purchase will not be visible on the App Store. Visit Promote In-App Purchases to relevant customers only. Note that a customer needs to have opened your app on their device at least once to locate your order and visibility settings inside your app.

App Review Screenshot

A screenshot of the In-App Purchase that clearly shows the item or service being offered. This screenshot is used for review only and isn't displayed on the App Store.

Upload a screenshot that meets any of the screenshot specifications your app supports. Once you’ve uploaded a screenshot, you can update it but not remove it.

Localizable information
Add localizable In-App Purchases information used in the product display. You must include these properties for at least one language. For a list of languages, visit App Store localizations.

Changes to the localized information require review. The existing text displays on the store until the new text is approved. The change has its own status separate from the overall status of the In-App Purchase. Before your changes are reviewed, you can revert the change.

Property

Description

Display Name

The name of the In-App Purchase that is displayed to customers. The display name must be at least two characters and no more than 30 characters.

Description

A description of the In-App Purchase that potentially displays to users. If you make your In-App Purchase available for promotion, this displays under your In-App Purchase name on the App Store. The description must be no more than 45 characters.

Submit your
feedback

Ask questions on the forums

Contact Apple Developer Support

Developer Footer

Apple
DeveloperHelpApp Store ConnectReferenceIn-App Purchases and subscriptionsIn-App Purchase information
Platforms
iOS
iPadOS
macOS
tvOS
visionOS
watchOS
App Store
Tools
Swift
SwiftUI
Swift Playground
TestFlight
Xcode
Xcode Cloud
Icon Composer
SF Symbols
Technologies
Accessibility
Accessories
Apple Intelligence
Audio & Video
Augmented Reality
Business
Design
Distribution
Education
Games
Health & Fitness
In-App Purchase
Localization
Maps & Location
Machine Learning & AI
Security
Safari & Web
Resources
Documentation
Downloads
Sample Code
Videos
Support
Help Guides & Articles
Contact Us
Forums
Feedback & Bug Reporting
System Status
Account
Apple Developer
App Store Connect
Certificates, IDs, & Profiles
Feedback Assistant
Programs
Apple Developer Program
Apple Developer Enterprise Program
App Store Small Business Program
MFi Program
Mini Apps Partner Program
News Partner Program
Video Partner Program
Security Bounty Program
Security Research Device Program
Events
Meet with Apple
Apple Developer Centers
App Store Awards
Apple Design Awards
Apple Developer Academies
WWDC
Read the latest news. Get the Apple Developer app.
Light
Dark
Auto

English
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines