iOS App
1.0 Prepare for Submission
Add Platform
General
App Information
App Review
History
App Store
Trust & Safety
App Privacy
App Accessibility
Ratings and Reviews
Growth & Marketing
In-App Events
Custom Product Pages
Product Page Optimization
Promo Codes
Game Center
Monetization
Pricing and Availability
In-App Purchases
Subscriptions
Featuring
Nominations
Pricing and Availability
Save
Price Schedule
All Prices and Currencies

Set up a starting price. The price determines the App Store price and your proceeds. To sell your app, you must have a Paid Application agreement. Learn More

Add Pricing
App Availability
Determine where your app will be available to purchase or download. You can also make your app available for pre-order in specific countries or regions. Learn More

Set Up Availability
Tax CategoryEdit
Category:App Store software
iPhone and iPad Apps on Apple Silicon Macs
Starting with macOS Big Sur, compatible iPhone and iPad apps can be made available on Apple silicon Macs. Apps will run natively and use the same frameworks, resources, and runtime environment as they do on iOS and iPadOS. Learn More

Apple Silicon Mac Availability
Select the checkbox below if you want this app to be available on the Mac App Store. Apple will automatically pick the minimum macOS version required for compatibility, but you can choose a different one. Learn More


Make this app available

Automatic (macOS 11.0)
iPhone and iPad Apps on Apple Vision Pro
Compatible iPhone and iPad apps can be made available on Apple Vision Pro. Apps will run natively and use the same frameworks, resources, and runtime environment as they do on iOS. Learn More

Apple Vision Pro Availability

Make this app available on Apple Vision Pro
Compatibility
Version 1.0 is not compatible and not available on the App Store on Apple Vision Pro
App Distribution Methods
Select how you want your app distributed to users. Once your app is approved, the distribution method cannot be changed. Learn More


Public — Discoverable by anyone on the App Store (default)
?

Offer a reduced price on the Apple School Manager for volume purchases
?

Private — Available as a custom app on Apple Business Manager or Apple School Manager
?
Remove App From Sale