
Search

Get app
Write
Sign up

Sign in


Unknown user
Member-only story

Your Vibe Coded App Is Useless Without These 5 Login Fixes
Usman Writes
Usman Writes

Follow
8 min read
·
13 hours ago
1




Press enter or click to view image in full size
Here’s both, optimized for accessibility and discoverability: Alt text (for SEO and screen readers, keep it descriptive and keyword-rich): “Infographic banner titled ‘Your vibe coded app is useless, 5 security fixes your vibe coded app is missing right now,’ showing a road with five icons for session token security, server-side admin checks, email verification and 2FA, rate limiting, and password rules, from the Developer’s Journey newsletter by M. Usman.
Cloud Code just added a login screen to your vibe-coded app. Big moment. It feels like the app is legit now. Real users, real accounts, real sense of progress.

Link for free (non-member) readers

But here’s the part nobody tells you: that new login screen is probably the easiest thing in your entire application to hack.

Authentication is the front door of your app, and front doors get tested constantly, by bots, by curious users, by actual attackers. If you vibe-coded your login flow without explicitly asking for security hardening, there’s a good chance you’re missing critical protections. The good news is that every single one of these is a vibe-codable fix. You just need to know what to ask for.

Here are the five things your login screen is probably missing, why each one matters, and the exact prompts you can paste into your AI coding tool to fix them.

1. Your Session Token Lives in Local Storage (and That’s an XSS Risk)
When a user logs in, your app generates a session token or JSON Web Token (JWT) to prove they’re authenticated on future requests. A lot of vibe-coded apps store that token in localStorage because it's the path of least resistance, it's easy to read and write, and most tutorials default to it.

The problem is that localStorage is fully accessible to any JavaScript running on your page. If your app has even one cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability, anywhere, in a comment field, a search bar, a third-party widget, an attacker's script can read localStorage and steal that token. Once they have it, they can impersonate your user without ever needing a password.

The fix is to move session storage out of JavaScript’s reach entirely. Use an httpOnly, Secure, SameSite cookie instead. httpOnly cookies can't be read by client-side JavaScript at all, which removes the entire attack path.

Example of the vulnerable pattern:

// Vulnerable: token is readable by any script on the page
localStorage.setItem('authToken', token);
Example of the fixed pattern (server-side, setting the cookie):

Create an account to read the full story.
The author made this story available to Medium members only.
If you’re new to Medium, create a new account to read this story on us.

Sign up with Google
Sign up with Facebook

Sign up with email
Already have an account? Sign in
1



Usman Writes
Written by Usman Writes
4.1K followers
·
20 following
Let's make the internet less boring than it already is. https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-usman-strategist/


Follow
Help

Status

About

Careers

Press

Blog

Store

Privacy

Rules

Terms

Text to speech