

Overview
2
Data collection and security
3
Data types
4
Data usage and handling
5
Preview
Data collection and security
Review the list of required user data types that you need to disclose. View required data types
Does your app collect or share any of the required user data types?

Yes
Is all of the user data collected by your app encrypted in transit? Learn about how you should answer

Yes

No
Which of the following methods of account creation does your app support? Select all that apply
This includes accounts created entirely within your app, or by redirecting users to a web page where they can create an account.

Usernames include user IDs, email addresses and phone numbers. Authentication includes two-factor, one-time password, biometric or single sign-on authentication.


Username and password

Username and other authentication

Username, password and other authentication

OAuth

Other
Describe the method of account creation that your app supports
Describe the method of account creation that your app supports 


My app does not allow users to create an account

Add a link that users can use to request that their account and associated data be deleted
Delete account URL
https://jobrunner.com.au
 

This link will be shown on your Google Play Store listing, and should:

refer to your app or developer name that is shown on your store listing
prominently feature the steps that users should take to request that their account be deleted
specify the types of data that are deleted or kept, and any additional retention period
Do you provide a way for users to request that some or all of their data be deleted, without requiring them to delete their account? (Optional)
Providing this functionality gives users more control over their data. Learn more


Yes



No

No, but user data is automatically deleted within 90 days

No
Additional badges
You may be eligible to show additional badges on your store listing. Showing badges on your store listing can help differentiate your app and increase user trust.
Independent security review
Have your app independently reviewed against a global security standard
UPI payments verified
If you have a finance app operating in India which is utilising the unified payments interface (UPI), you can have your app accredited by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)
Step 2 of 5, Data collection and security
