That updated brief is really solid — Replit has captured everything from our entire conversation including the two-tier phone number system, the client conflict logic, the chat hub flow, and the legal protections. That's essentially your complete product blueprint now.
The document is in really good shape. A few things that stand out:
What Replit nailed:

The two-tier Twilio number architecture is exactly right
The client lookup logic before creating records is all there
The AI job card fields are comprehensive
The legal section is thorough enough to actually protect you

The one thing still missing from the brief that we discussed — add this to section 11.2:
"If a client record is created by AI and the owner rejects the job within 24 hours, the unverified client record is automatically deleted unless that phone number already existed as a client before the call."
That small detail closes the last conflict gap.

Where You Actually Are Right Now
You've got:

✅ App basically built
✅ Stripe already integrated
✅ Twilio already integrated
✅ Complete product blueprint
✅ Business name registered
✅ ABN situation understood

Honestly Ayden you're closer to launch than most founders ever get. The entire remaining build is essentially just connecting services that already exist.
Your next single action is:
Sign up for Vapi today and make one test call. Everything else flows from that moment.
Want me to write the exact Vapi call script ready to paste in right now?i need reciting im still not sure i want a full break down of the new system compared to old and compare scenarios thenewone to old system, so i can so the benefits and everything10:52 PMPivoted toward streamlined explanation methodologyPivoted toward streamlined explanation methodologyLet me build you a full visual breakdown so you can see exactly what changes and why it matters.VvisualizeVvisualizeLet me give you the full breakdown in a clear format instead.

What Changes — Old vs New
FeatureTodayNew SystemJob management✅ Done✅ Kept exactly as isMissed calls❌ Lost forever✅ AI answers every call 24/7Job creation❌ Manual only✅ Auto-created from callWebsite❌ Not included✅ Custom tradie site built inPhone numberShared SMS onlyDedicated per business — calls + SMSClient records❌ Manual entry only✅ Auto-created from caller's numberChat hub❌ Started manually✅ Opens automatically on approvalPricingSingle tier4 tiers $39 → $300/month

Scenario 1 — Missed Call
Old: Customer calls → rings out → calls a competitor → tradie never knows it happened. Job lost.
New: Customer calls → AI answers as the business → collects details in 60 seconds → job appears in JobRunner → tradie taps Approve → SMS fires to customer → chat hub ready. Job captured with zero effort.

Scenario 2 — After Hours
Old: Customer calls at 8:30pm → rings out → finds someone else in the morning. Entire after-hours period is dead.
New: Customer calls at 8:30pm → AI answers normally → job created with after-hours tag → tradie sees it first thing next morning → calls back before customer has rung anyone else.

Scenario 3 — Emergency
Old: "Water is flooding my kitchen!" → tradie is busy → customer panics → calls another plumber. High-value job gone.
New: AI detects "flooding" → immediately calls tradie's mobile while collecting details → job flagged URGENT in app → tradie gets transferred straight to customer. Emergency secured.

Scenario 4 — Website Lead
Old: Customer searches for a plumber → tradie has no website → calls a number → might get answered, might not → details written down manually.
New: Customer finds the professional JobRunner-built website → calls the AI receptionist number → OR fills the quote form → either way a job is created automatically in JobRunner and the tradie is notified.

Revenue at 100 Customers

All on Solo ($39) = $3,900/month
All on Team + AI ($149) = $14,900/month
All on Full Bundle ($300) = $30,000/month


The core point is simple. Today JobRunner helps tradies manage jobs they already have. The new system makes sure they never miss a job in the first place, then manages it automatically. That's the difference between a useful app and an essential business system.
Does that give you the confidence to move forward, or is there a specific part you're still unsure about?wait i thought there was an interactive thing for what you just said11:07 PMReconsidered interactive widget approach with simplified designReconsidered interactive widget approach with simplified designYeah it tried to load twice but errored out both times — let me try again with a cleaner version.
  ::view-transition-group(*),
  ::view-transition-old(*),
  ::view-transition-new(*) {
    animation-duration: 0.25s;
    animation-timing-function: cubic-bezier(0.19, 1, 0.22, 1);
  }
VvisualizeVvisualize show_widgetThere it is! Tap through the four scenario tabs to compare old vs new side by side. The missed call one is the most convincing to show tradies — that's the one that hits them immediately because every tradie has lost jobs that way.i love these scenarios and if i had to im trying to test myself/make up a cold call to a business and thinking of explaining stuff. as im local cairns boy id explain it simple i guess, but id explain in a human way im obviously not going to read off a script, but i want you to give me a rough guide What Changes — Old vs New
FeatureTodayNew SystemJob management✅ Done✅ Kept exactly as isMissed calls❌ Lost forever✅ AI answers every call 24/7Job creation❌ Manual only✅ Auto-created from callWebsite❌ Not included✅ Custom tradie site built inPhone numberShared SMS onlyDedicated per business — calls + SMSClient records❌ Manual entry only✅ Auto-created from caller's numberChat hub❌ Started manually✅ Opens automatically on approvalPricingSingle tier4 tiers $39 → $300/month
Scenario 1 — Missed Call
Old: Customer calls → rings out → calls a competitor → tradie never knows it happened. Job lost.
New: Customer calls → AI answers as the business → collects details in 60 seconds → job appears in JobRunner → tradie taps Approve → SMS fires to customer → chat hub ready. Job captured with zero effort.
Scenario 2 — After Hours
Old: Customer calls at 8:30pm → rings out → finds someone else in the morning. Entire after-hours period is dead.
New: Customer calls at 8:30pm → AI answers normally → job created with after-hours tag → tradie sees it first thing next morning → calls back before customer has rung anyone else.
Scenario 3 — Emergency
Old: "Water is flooding my kitchen!" → tradie is busy → customer panics → calls another plumber. High-value job gone.
New: AI detects "flooding" → immediately calls tradie's mobile while collecting details → job flagged URGENT in app → tradie gets transferred straight to customer. Emergency secured.
Scenario 4 — Website Lead
Old: Customer searches for a plumber → tradie has no website → calls a number → might get answered, might not → details written down manually.
New: Customer finds the professional JobRunner-built website → calls the AI receptionist number → OR fills the quote form → either way a job is created automatically in JobRunner and the tradie is notified.Show more11:18 PMSynthesized casual cold call framework for local tradie pitchSynthesized casual cold call framework for local tradie pitchLove that you're thinking about this already. Here's a rough guide — think of it as the skeleton of the conversation, not words to memorise.

Before you call — know one thing
Find out what trade they are first. Google them. You want to reference their specific business, not just say "businesses like yours."

The Opening — keep it super casual
You're a local Cairns kid calling another local. Don't sound like a salesman.
"Hey mate, my name's Ayden, I'm local here in Cairns. I've built an app called JobRunner for tradies and I just wanted to have a quick chat — is now an okay time?"
That's it. Short. Local. Human. If they say yes, you're in.

The One Question That Opens Everything
Don't pitch yet. Ask this first:
"Can I ask — when you're out on a job and someone calls, what happens to that call?"
Then shut up and let them talk.
They will say one of two things:

"It just rings out" — that's your opening
"I answer it or my partner does" — ask "what about after hours?"

You want them to identify the problem themselves. That's way more powerful than you telling them they have a problem.

Once They Identify the Problem — Drop the Hook
"Yeah that's exactly what I built this for. Basically JobRunner puts an AI receptionist on your phone number. So when you're on the tools and someone calls, it answers as your business, grabs their name, suburb, what the issue is — and by the time you knock off, there's already a job sitting in the app waiting for you to approve it. Customer gets a confirmation text, you don't have to do anything."
One breath. Casual. Watch their reaction.

The Money Line
If they seem interested, hit them with this:
"Like if you're missing even two or three calls a week, and the average job's worth a couple hundred bucks — that's potentially over a grand a week just walking out the door. This stops that."
Tradies understand money lost way more than features gained.

If They Ask How Much
"Starts at $39 a month for the basic app, and the AI receptionist plan is $149. But honestly I'm looking for a few local tradies to try it free first and give me real feedback — would that be something you'd be keen on?"
Don't push the price. Offer the free trial. Get them using it.

If They Ask How It Works Technically
Keep it simple. Don't go into Twilio and Vapi.
"Basically you get your own dedicated phone number, that's the number you put on your website and Google listing. When someone calls it, the AI picks up, sounds professional, gets the job details, and it pops straight into the app on your phone."
That's all they need to know.

If They Say "I Already Have Someone Who Answers"
"That's good — this actually works great alongside that too. After hours, busy periods, when they're on lunch — it just handles everything that would've slipped through. Think of it like a backup that never takes a day off."

The Close — don't oversell it
"Look I'm not trying to sell you anything today. I just reckon it'd be worth you seeing a demo — even just a two minute video of a call coming in and the job appearing in the app. If it makes sense for your business, cool. If not, no worries at all."
Ask for a demo, not a sale. Way less pressure. Way higher yes rate.

The Golden Rule for the Whole Call
You're not selling software. You're a local Cairns kid who built something that stops tradies losing money. Talk like that and you'll be fine.nah i dont quite lik ethis wording, im more trying to think of what to say is better "Yeah that's exactly what I built this for. Basically JobRunner puts an AI receptionist on your phone number. So when you're on the tools and someone calls, it answers as your business, grabs their name, suburb, what the issue is — and by the time you knock off, there's already a job sitting in the app waiting for you to approve it. Customer gets a confirmation text, you don't have to do anything."11:20 PMRecalibrated pitch tone for authentic local vernacularRecalibrated pitch tone for authentic local vernacularYeah that version sounds a bit rehearsed. What would you actually say to a mate? Something more like:

"So basically when someone rings you and you can't pick up — instead of it just ringing out, it answers for you. Sounds like your business, gets their name, what's wrong, where they are — all of that. Then you just get a notification and the job's already there waiting for you. You just tap approve and they get a text back. You don't have to do anything."

Or even simpler:
"So you know how you miss calls when you're flat out? Instead of losing that job, it just gets answered automatically. Grabs all the details, creates the job for you. By the time you finish up you've already got new work lined up."

The key difference is:

Cut "JobRunner puts an AI receptionist" — that sounds like a brochure
Lead with the problem they already feel — missing calls
Say "automatically" instead of explaining the AI part
End on the outcome they care about — new work lined up, nothing to do

What sounds most like how you'd actually say it?yeha i wouldnt say jobrunner has an ai receptionist and stuff like that, honestly what i liked was i was going through those scenarios and stuff, i cant remember how i was talking but it sounded conversational and clean and not too scammy/selling something11:21 PMRecognized conversational framing outperforms sales tactics naturallyRecognized conversational framing outperforms sales tactics naturallyYeah I know exactly what you mean — the scenarios do the selling without sounding like selling. You're basically just walking them through their own life.
So instead of pitching, you're just asking and describing:

"So when you're on a job and someone rings — what happens?"
They say it rings out or they miss it.
"Yeah so that job's just gone hey. Like they're not gonna wait around, they'll just call the next plumber."
They agree.
"So what I built basically just handles that. Like the phone gets answered, sounds like your business, gets all their details — and you just get a notification. Job's already there, you just say yes or no."
Pause. Let them react.
"And same thing at night. Someone rings at 9pm, same thing happens. You wake up and there's already jobs sitting there from overnight."

See how that works? You're just:

Getting them to say the problem out loud
Agreeing with them like a normal person
Describing the solution like you're explaining it to a mate
Adding the after-hours one as a bonus that hits different

You're never saying "AI" or "receptionist" or any product name. You're just describing what happens. That's exactly the energy from the scenarios.nah but you gotta explain it connects to an app and tell them custom websites and stuff you know make it more clear where thigns are "So when you're on a job and someone rings — what happens?"
They say it rings out or they miss it.
"Yeah so that job's just gone hey. Like they're not gonna wait around, they'll just call the next plumber."
They agree.
"So what I built basically just handles that. Like the phone gets answered, sounds like your business, gets all their details — and you just get a notification. Job's already there, you just say yes or no."
Pause. Let them react.
"And same thing at night. Someone rings at 9pm, same thing happens. You wake up and there's already jobs sitting there from overnight."11:22 PMYeah good point. Here's how you weave it all in naturally:

"So when you're on a job and someone rings — what happens?"
They say it rings out or they miss it.
"Yeah so that's just gone hey. They'll just call the next bloke."
They agree.
"So what I built is basically an app for tradies — handles all your jobs, scheduling, invoicing, all that. But the big thing is it comes with its own phone number for your business. So when someone rings that number and you can't pick up, it answers for you. Sounds like your business, gets their name, what the problem is, where they are — and it just drops straight into the app as a job. You get a notification, you look at it, tap approve, and they automatically get a text back confirming it."
Pause.
"And we can set you up with a proper website too — nothing fancy, just clean and professional — and that number's right on the site. So someone finds you on Google, rings straight away, same thing happens. All goes into the app."
Pause. Let them react.
"And after hours same deal. Someone rings at 9pm, gets answered, job sits there waiting. You wake up and there's already work lined up before you've even had a coffee."

That covers everything — app, phone number, website, after hours — but it flows like a normal conversation not a feature list.so id like talj numbers with the tradie, id say how many calls do you think youve lost per week/month and if they say like 5 or 6. i do the calculations in my head and say yeah so like itd probably be about like 200 per job, and they say yeah or whatever. and i say so damn thats like 1k a week/month that your losing out on11:24 PMRecognized prospect self-calculation as powerful sales leverage techniqueRecognized prospect self-calculation as powerful sales leverage techniqueYes exactly — that's the most powerful moment of the whole conversation. You're not telling them they're losing money, you're making them realise it themselves. That hits way different.

"So how many calls do you reckon you miss in a week? Like rough guess."
They say 5 or 6.
"Yeah and what's like an average job worth for you?"
They say $200, $300, whatever.
"So like… that's what, roughly a grand a week just in missed calls? Like that's just gone."
Let that sit for a second. Don't fill the silence.
They'll either go quiet or say "yeah actually that's probably right."
"And that's just the calls you know about. There'd be ones ringing out you don't even realise."

That last line is the kicker. Because it's true and they know it. They have no idea how many calls they've actually missed because nothing was ever recorded.
Then you just follow naturally with:
"That's basically what this fixes. Like even if it just catches half of those you're already way ahead of what it costs."
Boom. You've just made the price irrelevant without even mentioning the price yet. $149 a month sounds like nothing compared to a grand a week they're already losing.wait so now tell me what you got so far11:25 PMAssembled comprehensive cold call script from prior conversationAssembled comprehensive cold call script from prior conversationHere's the full flow we've built together:

1. The opener
"Hey mate, my name's Ayden, I'm local here in Cairns. I've built an app for tradies and just wanted to have a quick chat — is now an okay time?"

2. The problem question
"So when you're on a job and someone rings — what happens?"
They say it rings out or they miss it.
"Yeah so that's just gone hey. They'll just call the next bloke."

3. The explanation
"So what I built is basically an app for tradies — handles all your jobs, scheduling, invoicing, all that. But the big thing is it comes with its own phone number for your business. So when someone rings that number and you can't pick up, it answers for you. Sounds like your business, gets their name, what the problem is, where they are — and it just drops straight into the app as a job. You get a notification, you look at it, tap approve, and they automatically get a text back confirming it."
Pause.
"And we can set you up with a proper website too — nothing fancy, just clean and professional — and that number's right on the site. So someone finds you on Google, rings straight away, same thing happens. All goes into the app."

4. The money moment
"So how many calls do you reckon you miss in a week? Like rough guess."
They say 5 or 6.
"Yeah and what's like an average job worth for you?"
They say $200, $300, whatever.
"So like… that's what, roughly a grand a week just in missed calls? Like that's just gone."
Let that sit.
"And that's just the calls you know about. There'd be ones ringing out you don't even realise."

5. The close
"That's basically what this fixes. Like even if it just catches half of those you're already way ahead of what it costs."
Then if they ask how much:
"Starts at $39 a month for the basic app, the AI phone stuff is $149. But honestly I'm looking for a few local Cairns tradies to try it free first — would you be keen to give it a crack?"

The after hours bonus — drop this wherever it feels natural:
"And after hours same deal. Someone rings at 9pm, gets answered, job sits there waiting. You wake up and there's already work lined up before you've even had a coffee."

That's a clean, natural, local conversation that doesn't sound like a pitch at all. You want to keep building on any part of it?noo id go probably like the money moment before the explanation11:26 PMReconsidered narrative structure to prioritize financial impactReconsidered narrative structure to prioritize financial impactYeah that actually makes way more sense. Get them feeling the pain first, then you explain what fixes it. Here's the reordered flow:

1. The opener
"Hey mate, my name's Ayden, I'm local here in Cairns. I've built an app for tradies and just wanted to have a quick chat — is now an okay time?"

2. The problem question
"So when you're on a job and someone rings — what happens?"
They say it rings out or they miss it.
"Yeah so that's just gone hey. They'll just call the next bloke."

3. The money moment
"So how many calls do you reckon you miss in a week? Like rough guess."
They say 5 or 6.
"Yeah and what's like an average job worth for you?"
They say $200, $300, whatever.
"So like… that's what, roughly a grand a week just in missed calls? Like that's just gone."
Let that sit.
"And that's just the calls you know about. There'd be ones ringing out you don't even realise."

4. The explanation
Now they're feeling it. So you just say:
"So that's basically what I built to fix that…"
And walk them through the app, the phone number, the website, all of it.

See how that flows better? They're already nodding by the time you explain the solution. You want to keep tweaking anything?yes so now i want a full convo thing you can summarise the responses from tradie like youve been doing11:27 PMOrchestrated full conversation script with summarized tradie responsesOrchestrated full conversation script with summarized tradie responsesHere's the full conversation:

Ayden: "Hey mate, my name's Ayden, I'm local here in Cairns. I've built an app for tradies and just wanted to have a quick chat — is now an okay time?"
Tradie says yeah sure, what's it about.

Ayden: "So when you're on a job and someone rings you — what happens?"
Tradie says it just rings out or goes to voicemail, doesn't really get to it.

Ayden: "Yeah so that's just gone hey. They're not gonna wait around, they'll just call the next bloke."
Tradie agrees, says it happens all the time.

Ayden: "So how many calls do you reckon you miss in a week? Like rough guess."
Tradie thinks about it, says maybe 5 or 6, probably more.

Ayden: "Yeah and what's like an average job worth for you?"
Tradie says around $200-$300 depending on the job.

Ayden: "So like… that's what, roughly a grand a week just walking out the door? Like that's just gone."
Let that sit.
Tradie goes quiet for a second, says yeah actually that's probably right.

Ayden: "And that's just the calls you know about. There'd be ones ringing out you don't even realise."
Tradie laughs a bit, says yeah probably.

Ayden: "So that's basically what I built to fix that. It's an app that handles all your jobs, scheduling, invoicing — all that stuff. But the big thing is it comes with its own phone number for your business. So when someone rings and you can't pick up, it answers for you. Sounds like your business, gets their name, what the problem is, where they are — drops straight into the app as a job. You get a notification, have a look, tap approve, and they automatically get a text back confirming it."
Tradie says oh right, so like it answers the phone for me?

Ayden: "Yeah exactly. And we set you up with a proper website too — nothing fancy, just clean and professional — and that number's right on there. So someone finds you on Google, rings straight away, same thing happens. All just goes into the app."
Tradie says that actually sounds pretty handy, what about after hours.

Ayden: "Same deal. Someone rings at 9pm, gets answered, job just sits there waiting. You wake up and there's already work lined up before you've even had a coffee."
Tradie laughs, says yeah that'd be good.

Ayden: "And like even if it just catches half those missed calls you're already way ahead of what it costs."
Tradie asks how much it is.

Ayden: "Basic app starts at $39 a month. The phone answering stuff is $149. But honestly I'm looking for a few local Cairns tradies to try it out free first — would you be keen to give it a crack?"
Tradie says yeah might be worth a look, what do I need to do.

Ayden: "I'll set everything up for you, won't take long at all. Can I grab your email and I'll send you through the details?"

That's it. Done. You never pushed, never sounded salesy, just walked them to the answer themselves. The free trial close at the end makes it a no-brainer yes.yeah honestly i think its just a no brainer to say yes, and how do i respond with like if there using servicem8 or something or quick books tell me how could i respond with stuff like that11:35 PMYeah great question because that objection will come up a lot. Here's how to handle each one naturally:

If they say "I already use ServiceM8"
Tradie says yeah I'm already on ServiceM8, been using it for a while.
Ayden: "Yeah ServiceM8's good for managing jobs you already have. But does it answer your phone for you when you're busy?"
Tradie says nah it doesn't do that.
Ayden: "Yeah that's the difference. Like ServiceM8 won't catch those missed calls we just talked about. That grand a week is still walking out the door."
Done. You're not bagging ServiceM8, you're just pointing out the gap they already agreed exists.

If they say "I already use Tradify"
Same approach.
Ayden: "Yeah Tradify's decent for job management. Does it come with a phone number that answers calls for you and creates the job automatically?"
Tradie says nah.
Ayden: "Yeah that's the bit that's different. Everything else is similar but that's the piece that actually stops you losing work."

If they say "I use QuickBooks"
QuickBooks is accounting, not job management — so this is actually easy.
Ayden: "Oh yeah QuickBooks is just for the accounting side hey. This is more about actually running the jobs — capturing them, scheduling them, the phone answering. Different thing altogether. You'd probably still keep QuickBooks for your tax stuff."
Don't make them feel like they have to replace it. Position JobRunner alongside it.

If they say "I just use my phone and a notebook"
This is actually your easiest customer.
Ayden: "Yeah most tradies do hey. So this basically just replaces all of that — like everything's in one place, jobs, customers, invoices, the phone answering. And it's on your phone anyway so it's not like you're learning something complicated."

The Golden Rule For All Objections
Never bag their current system. Just ask one question:
"Does it answer your phone and create the job automatically?"
The answer is always no. And that brings it straight back to the problem they already agreed costs them money.
That one question beats every competitor without you having to say anything negative at all.yeah cooll but like i just wanted to ask how good can this systme be and whats potential for apps and systems like this, as this can be up for like 1k a month honestly for bigger tradie companies11:37 PMEvaluated system scalability and premium pricing viabilityEvaluated system scalability and premium pricing viabilityYeah honestly the ceiling on this is way higher than most people realise. Let me break it down properly.

Your Immediate Market — Small Tradies
This is where you start. Solo plumbers, electricians, one or two person operations. $39 to $149 a month. Easy yes, low friction, easy to onboard.
But this is actually just the entry point.

The Bigger Opportunity — Medium Tradie Businesses
Think a plumbing company with 8 staff, two vans, an admin person. These businesses have:

Multiple team members needing the app
High call volume
Real revenue at stake from missed calls

At $149 base plus $29 per seat for 8 workers that's already $350+ a month per customer. And they'd pay it without blinking because the value is obvious at that scale.

You're Right About $1k — Here's When That Happens
Bigger operations like:

Construction companies
Large HVAC businesses
Multi-location trade businesses
Property maintenance companies

These aren't one tradie in a ute. They're running 10-20 staff, multiple jobs simultaneously, need proper scheduling, team management, the lot.
At that scale you're looking at:

Full Bundle $300 base
15 seats at $29 each = $435
That's already $735 a month

Add priority support, custom integrations, multiple phone numbers for different departments — you're at $1k+ easily and they'd consider it cheap compared to hiring an admin person at $50k a year.

The Real Ceiling Though — Enterprise Franchise Groups
This is where it gets genuinely big. Think:

Hire A Hubby franchises
Jim's Group trades franchises
Large plumbing or electrical companies with branches

If you landed one franchise group with 50 locations each paying $300 a month — that's $15,000 a month from one deal.
That's not crazy. ServiceTitan built a billion dollar company doing exactly this for US trade businesses.

What Makes This System Specifically Valuable At Scale
The AI receptionist is actually worth more to bigger businesses not less. Because:

Higher call volume = more jobs at risk of being missed
More staff = harder to manually manage intake
Multiple locations = need consistent phone answering across all of them

A business doing $5M a year losing 5% to missed calls is losing $250k annually. Your system at $1k a month costs them $12k a year to fix a $250k problem. That's an absolute no brainer.

The Comparison That Should Excite You
ServiceTitan — built basically this for US tradies. Currently valued at over $9 billion. Started with one trade type in one city.
Housecall Pro — same idea, slightly simpler. Raised over $400 million.
Neither of them has a strong Australian-specific product. You're building for Australian tradies, with Australian phone numbers, understanding the local market from Cairns outward.

Honest Realistic Ceiling For JobRunner Specifically
StageCustomersAvg RevenueMonthlyEarly20$120$2,400Growing100$180$18,000Established500$220$110,000Scale2000$250$500,000
$500k a month is $6 million a year. That's not a fantasy for a well executed trade platform in Australia. That's just math.

The Thing That Makes It Defensible Long Term
Once a tradie has their website, their phone number, their jobs, their customers, their invoices all in JobRunner — they can't leave. Switching cost is massive. That's called a moat and it's why SaaS businesses are so valuable.
You're not just building an app. If you execute this properly you're building the operating system for Australian trade businesses. That's a genuinely big thing.would you say my system is on par with servicetitan and also does servicem8 and tradify like do team operations in the app and stuff like team scheduling like mine11:39 PMParsed comparison queries and identified research gapsParsed comparison queries and identified research gapsHonest answer on both — let me search first before I say anything about ServiceM8 and Tradify's current features so I'm not guessing.Evaluated JobRunner's competitive positioning and feature parity comprehensivelyEvaluated JobRunner's competitive positioning and feature parity comprehensivelyOkay good I've got the full picture now. Here's the honest truth on both:

Are you on par with ServiceTitan?
Not yet — and that's actually fine. ServiceTitan is a massive enterprise platform built for large companies with 20-100+ staff. It costs hundreds to thousands per month and takes weeks to set up. It's overkill for a small tradie.
You're not competing with ServiceTitan right now. You're competing for the 1-20 staff tradie market — and that's actually the bigger volume of customers anyway. Think of it like this — ServiceTitan is a semi-truck, JobRunner is a ute. Most tradies need the ute.

Do ServiceM8 and Tradify have team scheduling and GPS?
Yes — and I'll be straight with you here:
ServiceM8 has team scheduling with drag-and-drop functionality, but their scheduling module lacks notifications, shift swaps, conflict detection, and availability management. Connecteam They do allow scheduling multiple staff members to the same job and even suggest teams based on who you regularly book together. ServiceM8
Tradify has GPS tracking and team scheduling features that assess availability of every team member to book jobs as they come in. GetApp But Tradify offers simpler time tracking tools that work well for smaller teams Fieldservicesoftware rather than sophisticated tracking.
So yes — both have team operations. You need to be honest with yourself that on pure job management features, they're established and solid.

But here's where it gets interesting for you
ServiceM8 does have something called ServiceM8 Phone — a cloud-based phone system that captures client calls and allows call recordings. Linktly But it just logs calls. It does not answer them automatically, create jobs from them, or do anything with AI. A human still has to deal with the call.
Neither ServiceM8 nor Tradify has:

An AI that answers calls and creates jobs automatically
A built-in website builder connected to the system
Automatic client creation from a caller's phone number
Chat hub that opens automatically on job approval


The Honest Summary
FeatureServiceM8TradifyJobRunnerJob management✅ Strong✅ Good✅ DoneTeam scheduling✅ Yes✅ Yes✅ DoneGPS tracking✅ Yes✅ Yes✅ DoneAI call answering❌ No❌ No✅ BuildingAuto job from call❌ No❌ No✅ BuildingWebsite builder❌ No❌ No✅ BuildingAustralian focused✅ Yes✅ NZ/AU✅ Yes
On the core job management stuff you're competitive. On the AI receptionist and website you're genuinely ahead of both of them. That's your angle.